Sripa Vimukthi Bannakkotuwa | LinkedIn Skip to main content LinkedIn Find People, Jobs, Companies, and More Search for: All People Jobs Companies Groups Universities Posts Inbox Search for people, jobs, companies, and more...
Clear Search Advanced Inbox.
You have 0 new messages Inbox Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the Inbox menu options.
Notifications.
You have 1 unseen notification Notifications Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the Notifications menu options.
1 Grow My Network Grow My Network Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the Grow My Network menu options.
7 Grow My Network Account Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the Account menu options.
Account & Settings sithum sandaruwan Sign Out Account: Basic Try Premium Job Posting Manage Language Change Privacy & Settings Manage Help Center Get Help Home Profile Profile Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the Profile menu options.
Edit Profile Who's Viewed Your Profile Your Updates My Network My Network Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the My Network menu options.
Connections Add Contacts People You May Know Find Alumni Learning Jobs Interests Interests Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the Interests menu options.
Companies Groups SlideShare Business Services Business Services Menu.
Press Enter and then use the Tab key to move through and hear the Business Services menu options.
Post a Job Talent Solutions Advertise Sales Solutions Learning Solutions Try Premium for free Main content starts below.
To use the new LinkedIn Profile, you need to use a JavaScript-enabled browser.
1st Sripa Vimukthi Bannakkotuwa Academic Instructor at SLIIT (Cyber Security and Networking) | Chief Technology Officer and Contributor at Nerdynaut Location Sri Lanka Industry Information Technology and Services Edit experience Current Nerdynaut, Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology Edit experience Previous SLIIT CodeFest 2016, DMS Electronics (Pvt) Ltd, Sri Lanka Institute of Information TechnologyEdit experience Edit education Education Keele UniversityEdit education 500+connections Send a message More options Interact View recent activity Recommend Endorse Profile Share profile Save to PDF Block or report Remove connection Done editingSave and Exit Email vimukthi060@gmail.com IM Address book Phone Address Twitter SripaVimukthi Websites Public Profile https://lk.linkedin.com/in/sripa-vimukthi-bannakkotuwa-05ab3266 Contact Info Background Experience Chief Technology Officer and Contributor NerdynautSeptember 2016 – Present (5 months)Sri Lanka Sripa Vimukthi BannakkotuwaEdit Academic Instructor - Cyber Security and Networking Sri Lanka Institute of Information TechnologyJuly 2015 – Present (1 year 7 months)SLIIT - Malabe Campus, New Kandy Rd, Malabe, Sri Lanka Contact: +94 11 2413900 Academic Instructor - Cyber Security and Networking Department of Information Systems and Engineering Faculty of Computing SLIIT - Malabe campus Instructing Information security Network Security Risk Management CTF ISO 27000, ISO 27001 Offensive Hacking Linux Data communication and networking Research Involved: Machine learning Risk Profiling Steganograhphy Secretariat SLIIT CodeFest 2016August 2016 – November 2016 (4 months)SLIIT, Malabe Campus Organizing committee of SLIIT CodeFest 2016.
Computer Networking Trainee DMS Electronics (Pvt) LtdMay 2015 – July 2015 (3 months)207/1, Dharmapala Mawatha, Col 07, Sri Lanka Contact: +94 11 2677667, +94 11 473 Hand in experience in Networking.
Academic Instructor - Information Technology Sri Lanka Institute of Information TechnologyJanuary 2015 – May 2015 (5 months)Metropolitan Campus, BoC Merchant Tower, St Michaels Rd, Colombo 03 Academic Instructor - Information Technology Department of Information Technology Faculty of Computing SLIIT - Metropolitan campus Instructing programming languages - C++, Java, php Web developing techniques - css, html, js Data Communication & Networking Database Management Systems - MSSQL Server Skills Top Skills 33Java   EndorseRemove Endorsement 27HTML   EndorseRemove Endorsement 25JavaScript   EndorseRemove Endorsement 23C#   EndorseRemove Endorsement 21MySQL   EndorseRemove Endorsement 15Microsoft SQL Server   EndorseRemove Endorsement 12C   EndorseRemove Endorsement 11C++   EndorseRemove Endorsement 11SQL   EndorseRemove Endorsement 9XML   EndorseRemove Endorsement Sripa also knows about...
7Web Development   7Linux   7Windows   6CSS   5PHP   5Business Analysis   4Usability Engineering   4Software Quality...   4Networking   3Packet Tracer   3Cascading Style Sheets...   2ASP.NET   2Visual Studio   2Project Management   2Network Security   2Oracle   1Oracle SQL Developer   1ISO 27001   1Risk Management   1R   1Machine Learning   1Internet Security   1CTF   See 8+  See less Volunteer Experience & Causes Volunteer - Annual Technical Conference, Sri Lanka Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET)August 2016Science and Technology Represented SLIIT academic staff for organizing the Annual Technical Conference of IET, which was held on galadari hotel, Colombo, Sri Lanka, 2016, Volunteer - Annual Technical Conference, Sri Lanka Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET)September 2015Science and Technology Represented SLIIT academic staff for organizing the Annual Technical Conference of IET, which was held on Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology (SLIIT) - Malabe campus, Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Secretariat - CodeFest 2016 SLIITAugust 2016 – November 2016 (4 months)Science and Technology CodeFest is the effort of SLIIT to elevate the entire nation’s ICT knowledge to achieve the nation’s aspiration of being the knowledge hub in Asia.
Therefore, having realized the present need of the country, the Faculty of Computing of SLIIT is conducting CodeFest , a nationwide software competition in collaboration with the Ministry of Education.
In addition, CodeFest is organized as a part of a CSR project to disseminate IT knowledge across the island as a whole.
CODEFEST 2016 had eight competitions under 2 categories.
- School Category: Coding contest, ICT Quiz competition, and Internet of Thing (IoT) Contest - Tertiary Category: Overnight Hackathon, Netcom Competition, Capture the Flag competition, IoT competition and EXSTO: Project showcase CodeFest 2016 was successfully completed and it was a dazzling event in the CodeFest history with the outstanding support of the organizing committee.
Opportunities Sripa is looking for:How would you like to donate your time and talent?
Causes Sripa cares about:Topics and causes that matter to you.
Animal Welfare Arts and Culture Civil Rights and Social Action Education Environment Human Rights Science and Technology Organizations Sripa supports:What are your favorite organizations?
Education Keele University Master’s Degree, MSc in Project Management2015 – 2016 Reading SLIIT Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Special Hons in Information Technology, Information Technology2011 – 2014 Bsc Special (Hons) degree in Information Technology Holy family Convent - Kurunegala Languages English Sinhala Tamil Certifications Patents Publications Honors & Awards Test Scores Organizations Courses Projects Recommendations sithum, would you like to recommend Sripa?Recommend Sripa See More See Less Insights People Also Viewed Gayani Sandamali Academic Instructor - CSN & Cyber Security Gayathree Karunarathna Project Manager Dilrukshi Perera Assistant Manager at HSBC Aruni Niroshika Lecturer at Charles Sturt University, Australia Umayanganie Dahanayake Instructor at SLIIT Shashika Lokuliyana Lecturer at Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology,Sri Lanka Sandunika Elvitigala Assistant Lecturer at Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology Shanika Rathnayake Accounts Executive at Mahaweli Reach Hotels PLC shalini jayasena Instructor at SLIIT Nelum Perera Director at Cheveux Hair Salon Courses related to Sripa’s skills Ethical Hacking: Website and Web Application...
Viewers: 968 Introduction to Ethical Hacking Viewers: 19,140 Ethical Hacking: Social Engineering Viewers: 5,345View more courses People Similar to Sripa Krishnadeva Kesavan2nd Assistant Lecturer at SLIIT Connect Sahan Harinda Nagodawithana2nd Associate Consultant at attune Connect udara samaratunge1st Lecturer at Department of Software Engineering, Faculty of Computing, SLIIT View Profile10 Hamesha Sooriyaarachchi2nd Quality Assurance Analyst at MillenniumIT Connect Anuradha Jayakody1st Program Head CSN & Cybersecurity, Senior Lecturer/Systems Engineer at Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology View Profile25 Nipunika Vithana2nd Senior Lecturer at SLIIT Connect Umayanganie Dahanayake2nd Instructor at SLIIT Connect Indraka Udayakumara2nd Chairman - Faculty Quality Cell (Faculty of Computing) at SLIIT Connect Gayani Sandamali2nd Academic Instructor - CSN & Cyber Security Connect ???????? ???????1st Lecturer at Sri Lanka Institute of Information Technology (SLIIT) View Profile20 Pavithra Bethmage2nd Application Support Engineer at Pronto Software Connect Buddika Harshanath2nd Lecturer at SLIIT Connect Previous Next Help Center About Press Blog Developers Careers Advertising Talent Solutions Sales Solutions Small Business Mobile Language Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia Ceština Dansk Deutsch English Español ???? Français ??? Italiano ???? Nederlands ??? Norsk Polski Português Româna ??????? Svenska Tagalog ??????? Türkçe ??????? Upgrade Your Account LinkedIn Corporation © 2016 User Agreement Privacy Policy Ad Choices Community Guidelines Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Send Feedback Presentations: pdf, ppt, pps, pptx, ppsx, pot, potx (Powerpoint), odp (OpenOffice) Documents: pdf, doc, docx, rtf (MSOffice), odt Images: png, gif, jpg, jpeg Maximum file size: 100MB
